So in the previous part, we have created objects for size, amount and size, which is going to be
displayed here.
That five medium glasses of water with ice is added.
So as a whole, this text is displayed in the form of a string.
But this five is integer and the price we have set which will be displayed later like this, which you
should pay 12.5.
So this is double, but still this is also displayed as a string.
So we have to simply override this all the data types and set the override and set all the data types
to string.
So this is done with the help of public string to string method is our feature of Java, which we use
to convert all the text, like whether it be integer, double float or string anything.
Just simply all of the data types are converted to string and displayed as a whole.
Basically this returns all the items as string format.
So string format.
And inside this the format is going to be called an argument.
So what is the format?
We should use modulus to set the data types like suppose percent d is for integer percent as is for
double and plus subclass.
As suppose there are more than one classes.
So we are adding classes to make things.
So class is defined as are for the characters self care and these foreign teachers.
Glasses off.
And this format is completed now in the argument section.
We will be using the objects with the help of this keyword as a private global variable for access to
the helper.
This only so arguments are going to be destroyed.
Get around and separating them.
Also this not a second thing is size, so get size as string form.
So now that we have converted all the string in the all the text in the form of string, whether it
be double or integer, we have converted everything.
This is for the like amount which is in the integer format and the size which is in the form of string.
So percent days for this get amount and.
On this exercise is covered in the format part with the help of person test access specified.
So we have completed this beverage dot to Java class.
Now our next concern is going to be to create four more classes associated with all the menu items.
So the first item I am going to add inside this SLC folder is going to be coffee dot java, which will
be containing all the add ons and like the text appearing in the dialog box associated with like suppose
if we click coffee in the button and then press add button.
So before adding the coffee to the cart, the dialog box was a pairing so that all the dialog box thing
that something will be covered inside this coffee class only.
So suppose inside this coffee class we are declaring or boolean object and call it as milk.
So the add on to the coffee was milk.
We have discussed it in the introduction, but only now.
Inside the coffee class we will be creating or constructor containing coffee object.
So yes.
And the arguments inside this constructor is going to be the size like how many glasses of coffee we
want to order?
What is the amount?
Like how much price is attached.
So integer amount and also level.
The label.
Is responsible for.
The label, which was added with every menu item.
So we have imported all that you inside this constructor.
So this class is an extension to the beverage class.
So extends the beverage now inside this.
So we have to override first.
Then only the error will be gone.
So oversight and public.
Public string to string.
So this string is going to.
Convert all the other data types to a string format.
Oh, yes.
Now, after this, we will be adding now in the next part, inside the coffee constructor, we are using
this super keyword for the size and amount of the like, coffee to be ordered and setting if condition
in inside this if statement it is going to ask us for or whether we want to add milk to our coffee or
not.
So show confirm so dialog box will appear and inside this or label will be seen and the message is it
is going to like ask for is would you.
Like milk.
Like to add milk.
Okay.
So, yes, this is going to be asked and after this, also the mail option pane will appear asking for
a yes or no.
So after this option pane.
Dot.
Yes.
No option it is going to ask for.
So yes.
Yes.
No option is covered.
And us after this there should be an L statement also.
So if the user selects yes, then milk should be set to true.
Or we have declared this as a global variable.
Had a boolean milk was declared above and if this happens then milk is set to true.
Otherwise inside the milk is set to false.
After this we are going to discuss the price thing that what is going to be the price of the milk.
So like the coffee with milk and coffee without the milk.
So suppose if the user adds a small or medium or a large coffee so the prices should be different in
each case.
So setting the prices in that manner.
So suppose the user selects for size equals small.
So if the size is small, the price should be 3.5 units.
As if the size is medium, then the price is going to be five.
You can set it to 5.0.
So as we have double data type for the price, also, if there is no medium and no small, so of course
it is going to be large.
So we have set its price to 6.5.
You can also write it as if size equals large price, but that is not required here.
Simply if it is not medium and small, it is definitely large.
So these three are the prices set for each of the sizes and there is a unique price for each size.
Now if our user wants to add milk, so if milk.
So this is going to contain arguments as true and false.
So suppose this boolean milk is true, then price is going to be multiplied with 1.5.
So suppose if we have ordered medium sized coffee and added milk to it, then size is going to be multiplied
with 1.5.
So five and 1.5 is going to be like, okay, so 7.5 calculations are made and according to that only
and the price is set.
So suppose you have our order, the medium coffee with milk, a single glass of medium coffee.
So the price is set to 7.5 units.
Now we are done with this inside this override option we are using.
If milk is true, then we have to display the label or import label.
According to that only this report label.
Suppose 5 million glasses of coffee with milk added is going to be displayed in this report label and
that is done with the help of this override two string function and this is returning super to string
the super, we have called it here and this is responsible for that.
So this is converting the amount and the size of the coffee part to a string format and then displaying
to that.
So if milk is added, it is going to display that specific text width plus coffee with milk.
And if that is normal, then it is simply going to get done at five medium glasses of coffee or whatever
we selected in that manner only.
So these things are done for the coffee class and we have completed the coffee class functionality.
Now our next concern is going to be that the water and the juice class, so we will be creating three
more classes in order to complete this application, our Java Water dot Java and you start Java and
then we'll add a similar dialog box.
Functionality is a dedicated price to that.
Also add ons will be a test in that menu only, so we will see that in the next part.
Till then, try this on your own and write the code and write it in your IDE.